[Music]
[Applause]
hey guys some a little bit pressed for
time with this intro so I'm just gonna
really like speed it up quick anyways I
have a job interview today it's like a
beauty position but I'm not gonna say
where it is cuz I'd be awkward if I
didn't get it so I thought had to look
like classy but not like to class things
for the point of like very simple makeup
so this is what I basically came up with
and I am like stumbling on my words
because I really need to like leave now
so yeah if you guys want to see that
make sure to subscribe down below first
and let's a second this is not a look
I'm like so look look he nervous it's
kind of a tough look I'm here to start
your toner I actually really like this
like filming sup I don't know what the
lighting is good yeah I'm kind of
working that out but yeah I like it
I need like another light on the other
side of my face I like haven't even
touched my hair - brushed it
I need lip balm I'm you just look well
yeah this is the new new lip boil by the
way I said that Billy we're good I don't
want to go too crazy on my skincare so I
think her moisturizer I'm gonna use this
guy again the egg meadow
cream I forgot how sticky this is yeah I
feel like I have to look like really
good for this interview because it's for
like a beauty position I'm not gonna say
where cuz I'll be awkward if I didn't
get it done
oh so felt like I'd be more confident
going into it if I filmed a compute e
video beforehand so after leaving like I
have to leave in an hour
maybe I should rush a little bit hey I'm
gonna Pat that and where's my eye I've
been using this little guy I talked
about this I think in a get ready with
me or before but it's the same Iceland
hydrating I think it looks like a little
bit I don't really notice a difference I
just like put my finger all over it I
haven't really noticed a difference yet
I'm hoping there's a difference because
this is adorable and I need something to
get rid of my dark circles but this has
not been it yet so far not cuz I think I
need to certain foundation yeah as
always and got the Bobbi Brown which I'm
not going to show because it's the
bottle it's like really disgusting right
now because I just let it drip all the
time and never clean it gonna dot this
one I feel like I weigh too much on my
hand
you don't want to look cakey but I also
I want to look click really good so
we're doing like a full coverage today I
don't know if it's this lighting or what
my skin looks like really right like
more red than usual I think it's the
lighting
oh I forgot primary it's okay I will
just put on a lot of setting spray brush
and stuff I packed them to go to Houston
and I didn't go to Houston
alright it's spreading pretty good I got
the primer I wanted to go for like Matt
today anyways so
this can already looks like so much
better do like Pat it on the concealer
though I don't know how close or far I'm
gonna be sitting from the interviewer
yeah that's like the last thing I need
is really acne to be showing through
like if I was interviewing for anything
else it'd be fine but like beauty
positioner just like you need nyx
concealer still by the way I should try
baking today or not I probably shouldn't
I don't even know what I'm gonna do with
my hair yet oh my skin it looks so bad I
should have brought our current gonna
powder and then finish concealer so I
can like get a better sense of things
I'm just like so happy I have a
afternoon interview it's post like I'm
working interview like I was on the
phone with the person who was setting up
my interview I was like fingers crossed
praying like silently praying that I
would not get a morning time because
then I have to wake up even earlier
I don't do mornings so that would be
really bad like right now it is already
almost 1:00 o'clock which is kind of bad
because I got to leave at like 1:30 I'm
like using my viewfinder to see like how
badly things need to be covered because
those mirror is like subpar oh I'm
trying to cover up the redness in my
cheeks and I'm just gonna put on blush
there later and make it look right again
well so I put on new um fake gel nails I
had another pair and I decided to use
them today
and I really liked him I did them the
whole time well it's still listening to
John Penn's album it's really good and
everyone should listen to it you think
I'm good I'm gonna do a quick setting
spray and then I'll do more later you do
brows and you think I'm gonna do
eyeshadow brows today I want to look
like Instagram brows and it's using my
pony pal it's not even Pony effect it's
like before Pony effect this is like the
og and refusing the two Brown she is I'm
probably will just speed through this is
a good powder -
who this looks disgusting
is she bad I think she's bad she's not
that bad I'll do the other one and I'll
see I think it's gonna be a bad bra day
yep definitely
I think it's not that bad
actually no I think we're good I think
we're good with the brows I might need
to fix this one a little bit yeah I
stink I think she's good yeah it's not a
bad brow to ask girl no I'm just going
to smudge a smudge in the front and this
is what I used to always do
no I'm like not as good at it yeah all
right all right now you do I shadow I
think I'm just going to stick with the
Hamish brick Brown palette because this
is my favorite one
and it's not too much because I don't
want to go to I don't want to have too
heavy of makeup like I still don't
something to look like good that's a
beauty position I feel like I want a
brighter shade on my lid though I think
when to use the shade from here Smashbox
palette yeah yeah she works I probably
could have done this with a brush but it
looks good like this too just like a
nice base I'm going to bring it up to my
brow bone and yeah I think we can go
with the Hamish palette so gonna put
this shade on my lid though light shade
from the palette
and I feel like when I put just this on
my lid it looks like a weird color so
doing a little bit of that and I'm gonna
put some on my under line as well to
make sure everything just stays like
throughout the day I don't want to go
like to ride with my shadows today cuz
I'm wearing blue contacts and I feel
like they'll just look really tacky even
though you can't really even tell
they're blue because there's like more
natural again I still think that's like
really tacky and I don't want to do too
many colors and I'm gonna just gotta
take with this like semi shimmery color
and put that on my crease I'm gonna
bring it up a little higher just the way
my eyes look if I close my eyes you like
you can't see anything but they're not
like monolith that's weird my eyes are
really really weird
alright she's good now the other eye
yeah I basically just want to stay away
from glitters and too many bright colors
with this eyeshadow look and just this
whole entire look in general now I think
I'm gonna do a little bit of the darker
Brown on the corners both corners just
it's
before anything gonna blend it all
together with this guy I think I'm gonna
put a little bit of the dark brown and
the or the more taupey color underneath
yeah that's good and then I am entirely
staying away from chunky glitters so
we're done with this palette instead of
a glitter eye shut up how I'm just going
to use my cloak it's gonna take a little
bit of butterscotch this is the sugar
one by the way it's the special holiday
a little bit of butterscotch on this
tiny brush and my inner corners you know
so I'm not really liking how this looks
here so there we go
and then I'm also gonna take a gumdrop
underneath right here basically right
underneath my pupil and then I'm going
to go in with a mix kind of thing of
starbursts and marshmallow on my actual
eyelid cuz I want something there
and I think I'm just gonna use starburst
yeah that looks good I'm also gonna put
that on my brow bone and then I'm going
to take this guy again and just darken
it up a little bit I lost some of that
Brown so it almost looks like a half cut
crease type of situation but not really
it still looks really natural but like
you can tell there's makeup there that's
the look we're going for
no I used to do eyeliner and for that I
will get back to you guys later because
I'm really bad at that that's the worst
time ever head do I let her in my entire
life and it looks so bad I have to leave
soon I'm like increasingly stressed you
see I was going to put on falsies but
that's not happening now because if I
had that much trouble with eyeliner then
falsies are just gonna be it what a trip
but it's a trip I don't have time for
I can't even be bothered to use like a
different mascara on my bottom lashes
today and this looks alright no we're
good for good
so clumpy on this side they've been on
this side looks good actually no they
both look clumpy oh well I don't even
care anymore
[Music]
one eye is done and yeah you think
that's all we're gonna do fries because
I don't have time for anything else
this here stuff
yeah I'm just gonna do really quickly do
like contour and stuff but if I can find
you that Smashbox well here she is where
is my brush for that actually I need to
put on blush I'm just gonna use the
Tarte one cuz I don't want to go for
something too out there and quick
contour which probably won't even be
that quick
I feel like it looks like absolute trash
and if this is any indication to how
this interview is gonna go then I might
as well just not go like usually my
go-to like is at least my makeup looks
cute but um it doesn't look cute today
like that was deca in a nutshell at
least I look you don't look you usually
don't do this cheekbone thing that I am
today clothes beauty in a real that's
like my explain oh my got a frown eh
contra knows I'm just having a bad
makeup day like a bad face day bad
makeup day
[Music]
but if my nose just looks huge I mean my
contour is like blotchy
I forgot primer I forgot primer like I
never forget primer what is going on
with me today
well I have this brush out I'm going to
do my newest highlight again just using
the Anasazi up palette all the kind
almost looks so bad all right that's
this as good as we're getting at this
point or Haley please fix it you're late
did fix it a little bit I do have to say
what time is a drive to leave now I
believe like six minutes I still do my
lips lips I almost cry lips I don't want
to do my lips no here it's just me
let's just do something easy it's hurt
the paint maybe but my liver oil or just
almost kind of gone where now watch this
just go horribly
and then I think to add a little bit of
color I'm just going to take this
peripera tint and what color is this
number three I will hopefully have
everything down below but I might not
also alright she's good I think that's
it's not actually that good help okay I
think that's as good as we're getting no
I'm going to you should probably buy a
new one of these well no actually this
makeup doesn't look half bad
okay it would be a lot better if I had
remembered to put on primer but it's not
bad okay I'm going to fix my hair and
I'll be that's it for this whole makeup
get ready with me video I don't even
know what that was all of us but yeah
this is it I was going to actually curl
my hair but I am like out of time like I
need to leave now
you guys for watching hope you guys
enjoyed this video make sure to LIKE
comment and subscribe down below and
yeah uh whoever ends a good day and I
will see you all in my next video bye
yes
[Music]
[Applause]
go to put your hair when I get
judicata
[Music]